.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH sslogger.conf 5 "February 2009" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
sslogger.conf \- sslogger(5) configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
      sslogger.conf  is a simple file containing  values to be read by 
      sslogger\.  The syntax is simply as follows:

              # comment
              token=value

       Note that blank lines are ignored, no whitespace are permitted before
       the token, after the token, or before the value. Lines which begin with
       a # are considered  comments and ignored.
.SH FILES
.I /etc/sslogger.d/sslogger.conf
.RS
Default Configuration File
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE CONFIGURATION FILE
.TP
Configuration file /etc/sslogger.d/sslogger.conf:
.br
# Log output of all commands, even non interactive (1 is true). Default 0
.br
log_all_cmds=0


# Minimum Comment length in chars
.br
#an entry of 0 will skip reason for asking for a shell
.br
min_comment=10                                                  


# Maximum Comment Length in chars written to syslog                
.br
#Comment Length in the session log file  is currently unlimited                                
.br
max_comment=60


# To allow normal users replay access to log files they create, Set below to 1
.br
allow_user_replay=1


# slogd server name or ip.
.br
# If commented out or empty remote log collection is disabled
.br
slogd_server=


#slogd service port
.br
slogd_server_port=5556


#slogd auth type. Must match slogd server tls_authtype
.br
# Current options are "x509" or "anon".
.br
# Setting to x509 requires x509 tls certs
.br
# to be generated and pushed to all clients. See the 
.B mkSlogCerts
command
.br
slogd_authtype=anon


# When using a slogd server, and a sslogger session is over, and logs are
.br
# properly transferred to slogd server, delete the local log file.
.br
# Setting to 1 will enable keeping of all local log file.
.br
keep_local_logs=0


# Policy for when a connection to a slogd server is unavailable or 
.br
# unexpectedly terminated. If set to 1, sslogger will terminate if 
.br
# connection is broken to slogd server, and session will die if it 
.br
# cannot connect to the remote slogd server at start up.
.br
# If set to 0, local logging will be used when we can not contact remote 
.br
# server or when a network connection to the slogd server is broken
.br
require_remote_slogd=0


.SH BUGS
If you feel you have found a bug in sslogger, please submit a bug report at http://sslogger.sourceforge.net
.SH SUPPORT
Limited free support is available via the sslogger-users mailing list, see http://sslogger.sourceforge.net to subscribe or search the archives.
.SH AUTHOR
Edward Brand  <edbrand@brandint.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
slog(8) sreplay(8) sslogger-slogd(8) mkSlogCerts(8) sudo(8), suders(8), su(2)
